Supported Operations:
Simple Segment Tree
1. **Range Query and Point Update**: In case of point updates we dont care about associativity becuase we will update each node (O(log n)) from the root to the leaf. For example if range query is sum and point update is set operation (a[i] <- new_value). The final outcome will depend on which set operation happened last but we are applying update immediately so it doesn't matter if point update is set operation (non associative) or sum operation (associative). Example problem [Range Query: Min & Point Update: Set](https://codeforces.com/edu/course/2/lesson/4/1/practice/contest/273169/problem/B), [Range Query: Sum & Point Update: Set](https://codeforces.com/edu/course/2/lesson/4/1/practice/contest/273169/problem/A)

2. **Point Query and Associative Range Update**: Associative range update means order of update doesn't matter. For example in sum operation it doens't matter if we apply range update RU1 first or range update RU2, the final result will be same. Note that we dont have to maintain a lazy propagation array or push down any values in this case. We can just use internal segment tree nodes for that and use leaf node to hold original values. That is internal nodes will hold values that needs to be propagated and at query time we can just aggregate over the path from root to internal nodes to leaf nodes. In this way we never have to propagate/push down those internal nodes values. Example Code [1](https://github.com/saurabh060792/comp-prog/blob/main/Algorithms/Range%20Queries/Segment%20Tree/iterative_point_queries_simple_range_updates.cpp). Example Problem [Point Query: Get & Range Update: Sum](https://cses.fi/problemset/task/1651)

3. **Point Query and Non Associative Range Update**: In this case order of update matters. For example set operation on a range. 
